Clarify trial storage limits and link to sizing guidance (#6742)
elastic/docs-content: get-started/evaluate-elastic.md

3. If moving from trial to production, plan data migration and configuration transfer. Use [Snapshot and restore](/deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore.md) to preserve your work.
4. [Contact Elastic Sales](https://www.elastic.co/contact) to discuss your trial results and production requirements.

For deployment-level sizing and platform selection:

> - For hosted deployments, compare storage, RAM, and vCPU trade-offs before choosing a profile. Refer to [Hardware profiles](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/ec-change-hardware-profile.md) and [instance configuration hardware reference](cloud://reference/cloud-hosted/hardware.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For hosted deployments: Compare storage, RAM, and vCPU trade-offs before choosing a profile. Refer to [Hardware profiles](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/ec-change-hardware-profile.md) and [instance configuration hardware reference](cloud://reference/cloud-hosted/hardware.md).
```

> - For {{serverless-short}}, review [{{serverless-short}} billing dimensions](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/serverless-project-billing-dimensions.md) and choose the deployment model that best fits your workload with [{{ech}} and {{serverless-short}} comparison](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/differences-from-other-elasticsearch-offerings.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For {{serverless-short}}: Review [{{serverless-short}} billing dimensions](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/serverless-project-billing-dimensions.md) and choose the deployment model that best fits your workload with [{{ech}} and {{serverless-short}} comparison](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/differences-from-other-elasticsearch-offerings.md).
```

> - For {{serverless-short}}, review [{{serverless-short}} billing dimensions](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/serverless-project-billing-dimensions.md) and choose the deployment model that best fits your workload with [{{ech}} and {{serverless-short}} comparison](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/differences-from-other-elasticsearch-offerings.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **{{serverless-short}}:** Review [{{serverless-short}} billing dimensions](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/serverless-project-billing-dimensions.md) and use the [{{ech}} and {{serverless-short}} comparison](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/differences-from-other-elasticsearch-offerings.md) to choose the best deployment model for your workload.
```

Reviewer 2: The original reads as if `with` modifies `workload` rather than indicating how to choose, so I restructured that bit
